Add info list item doc (#6)
etn-ccis/blui-react-native: docs/src/componentDocs/InfoListItem/markdown/InfoListItemAPIDocs.mdx

| dense             | Smaller height row with less padding                                     | `boolean`                            | no       | `false`                                                                                  |
| divider           | Show a dividing line below the row                                       | `'full'` \| `'partial'`              | no       |                                                                                          |
| fontColor         | Color to use for text elements                                           | `string`                             | no       | For title: `theme.colors.onSurface`, For subtitle, info: `theme.colors.onSurfaceVariant` |
| hidePadding       | Hide padding reserved for icons when there is no icon                    | `boolean`                            | no       | `false`                                                                                  |
| iconAlign         | Icon alignment when `avatar` is set to`false`                            | `'left'` \| `'center'` \| `'right'`  | no       | `left`                                                                                   |

> | icon              | A component to render for the icon                                       | [`IconSource`](./Icons.md)           | no       |                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| icon              | A component to render for the icon                                       | [`IconSource`](/components/Icons/api-docs)          | no       |                                                                                          |
```

Author: this is updated
